How to compile MiNT 1.12 with PureC
-----------------------------------

Julian F. Reschke, 5. Juni 1994
email: reschke@math.uni-muenster.de


(1) Special files

First of all, you need a special osbind.h. This is because Pure's own 
version differs in some small details from the GCC header files. You 
can't use Pure's tos.h, either, because in its latest versions it already 
defines some of MiNT's data structures. You can either copy osbind.h into 
the MiNT source directory or copy it into your PureC include folder. If 
you are using the MiNT library, all should work fine without this file.

This is all what's needed. You can either use the command line versions 
of PureC, or you can use the PureC shell (copy mintpure.prj to the source 
directory). I am compiling MiNT with GNU make (latest version at 
atari.archive.umich.edu should work fine) and a self-made 'cc' command, 
that I've specially written for the PureC command line versions (see 
makefile.pcc). This tool is available from ftp.uni-muenster.de, 
pub/atari/Tools/prgtl*.tos.

If you're going to use the PureC shell, you'll have to 'manually' 
translate the .spp files to the PASM syntax using asmtrans.ttp. The 
syntax is

asmtrans -purec -o outfile.s outfile.spp

genmagic.ttp is needed to create the file magic.i, which in turn is 
included by the .spp files.


(2) Things to do

So far, I've made no attempt to translate asmtrans with PureC. Try it 
yourself (you'll need alloca; might work with the MiNT library version 
for PureC) or compile them with gcc.


(3) Caveats

This is a preliminary 'port'. It seems to work fine on my machine, but 
this guarantees nothing:

There's still a conflict in the way PureC saves registers with what MiNT 
file system drivers or device drivers expect. You will have to use PureC 
1.1 to get the correct behaviour.

